.TH JAL-LOCAL-STORE 8
.SH NAME
.BR jal-local-store
- JAL Local Store
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jal-local-store
[\fI\-\-debug\fR]
[\fI\-\-version\fR]
[\fI\-\-help\fR]
[\fI\-\-socket=<path>\fR]
[\fI\-\-socket-owner=<username>\fR]
[\fI\-\-socket-group=<groupname>\fR]
[\fI\-\-socket-mode=<mode>\fR]
[\fI\-\-no-daemon\fR]
[\fI\-\-run-db_recover\fR]
.I --config config_file
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B jal-local-store
is an implementation of a JALoP local store. It will listen on a socket for producer applications and accept journal, audit,
and log data using the JALoP Producer Protocol.
.\" Below three lines commented out because this is not currently supported but may be supported in the future
.\".B jal-local-store
.\"will validate application metadata and audit records against the appropriate schemas,
.\"which are found, by default, in /usr/share/jalop-v1.0/schemas.
.B jal-local-store
will generate system metadata for each record, and insert the record into its database.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
Enable debug output and prevent
.B jal-local-store
from forking to the background.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Outputs the version number and exits.
.TP
\fB\-?\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display help.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-socket\fR
Enter the file system path of where the Unix Domain socket shall be created.
.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-socket-owner\fR
Enter an existing linux user that will be owner of the socket file. Defaults to the user that jal-local-store will run as.
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-socket-group\fR
Enter an existing linux group that will have group privilege of the socket file. Defaults to the group that jal-local-store belongs to.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-socket-mode\fR
Enter unix dac permissions to set on socket file. Most secure is 0420. Defaults to 0666.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-no-daemon\fR
Disable daemonizing of the jal-local-store process. You may want to do this when running under systemd.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR
The file system path of where the jal-local-store configuration file is located (This is required to run).
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-run-db_recover\fR
Run db_recover before opening the database at startup.
.TP
\fB\  \fR  \fB\-\-usage\fR
Short display of the various options.
.SH BUGS
Attempting to insert audit data greater than 100MB will cause undefined behavior.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR jald (8),
.BR jal-local-store.config (5),
.BR jal_dump (8),
.BR jal_subscribe (8),
