.TH JAL-LOCAL-STORE.CONFIG 5
.SH NAME
.BR jal-local-store.config
- configuration file for
.BR jal-local-store (8)
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This file is read by
.BR jal-local-store (8)
and specifies the configuration parameters
such as where to create the socket to listen on, keys for signing documents,
where to obtain the
.SM JALoP
schemas, and where to keep the database of
.SM JALoP
records.
This file follows the format of the libconfig library, where each
configuration setting is in the form "key = value;".
Blank lines and lines starting with "#" are ignored.
Strings values must be enclosed in double quotes.
.BR jal-local-store (8)
understands the following configuration options:
.TP
.B private_key
The path to a PEM formatted private key that
.BR jal-local-store (8)
will use to sign all system metadata documents. This is optional.
.TP
.B public_cert_file
The path to a PEM formatted certificate file that
.BR jal-local-store (8)
will append to the system metadata document. This is optional.
.TP
.B system_uuid
A UUID in the form "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx" where each 'x' is a
hexadecimal character (0-9a-fA-F).
.BR jal-local-store (8)
will include this in the system metadata document as the HostUUID element.
This is required.
.TP
.B hostname
A friendly name to identify the host. This is added to the system metadata as
the Hostname element. This is optional,
.BR jal-local-store (8)
will generate a hostname if it is not included in the configuration file.
.TP
.B db_root
This identifies where
.BR jal-local-store (8)
should store all the records. This is optional and defaults to
.IR /var/lib/jalop/db/ .
.TP
.B schemas_root
The full path to the
.SM JALoP
schemas. This is optional.
.TP
.B socket
The full path to use when creating the domain socket.
.BR jal-local-store (8)
will create the socket and wait for producer applications to connect. This is
optional, and defaults to
.IR /var/run/jalop/jalop.sock .
.
.TP
.B socket-owner
Enter an existing linux user that will be owner of the socket file. Defaults to the user that jal-local-store will run as.
.TP
.B socket-group
Enter an existing linux group that will have group privilege of the socket file. Defaults to the group that jal-local-store belongs to.
.TP
.B socket-mode
Enter unix dac permissions to set on socket file. Most secure is 0420. Defaults to 0666.
.TP
.B db_recover
Run db_recover before opening the DB.
.TP
.B daemon
Run process as a daemon. Process will cd to / (root directory),fork, and will run as a daemon. When running the process as daemon, and even though the jal-local-store will resolve relative paths for you, it is always safer to use absolute paths for configurations in this file that require file system paths.
.TP
.B sign_sys_meta
TO-DO
.TP
.B manifest_sys_meta
TO-DO
.TP
.B sys_meta_dgst_alg
Digest algorithm to use when signing the system metadata. This defaults to "sha256". Valid values are "sha256", "sha384", and "sha512".
.TP
.B accept_delay_thread_count
Flow control functionality turned off if accept_delay_thread_count set to zero.

Default 10
.TP
.B accept_delay_increment
Default 100
.TP
.B accept_delay_max
Default 10000000
.TP
.B pid_file
File storing PID of jal-local-store when daemonized.
.TP
.B log_dir
Log directory of jal-local-store when daemonized.
.TP
.B enable_seccomp
seccomp will restrict the process to the defined system calls.
.TP
.B restrict_seccomp_F_SETFL
This rule will restrict the process from setting flags on a file
.TP
.B initial_seccomp_rules
System calls allowed in the setup phase only.
.TP
.B both_seccomp_rules
System calls allowed in all phases.
.TP
.B final_seccomp_rules
System calls allowed in the setup phase and while the process is running.
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
# Set the PEM key to the file at /etc/jalop/local_store/key.pem
private_key_file = "/etc/jalop/local_store/key.pem";

# Set the PEM key to the file at /etc/jalop/local_store/cert.pem
public_cert_file = "/etc/jalop/local_store/cert.pem";

# Set the UUID
system_uuid = "34c90268-57ba-4d4c-a602-bdb30251ec77";

# Set the hostname
hostname = "test.jalop.com";

# Set the location of the database of records.
db_root = "/var/lib/jalop/db";

# Set the location of the JALoP Schemas
schemas_root = "/usr/share/jalop-v1.0/schemas";

# Set the path for the socket to use.
socket = "/var/run/jalop/jalop.sock";
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR jal-local-store (8)
