.TH JAL_SUBSCRIBE 8
.SH NAME
.B jal_subscribe
\-
.SM JALoP
Network Store that initiates a connection to remote
.SM JALoP
peer and subscribes for 
.SM JALoP
records.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jal_subscribe
[\fIOPTION\fR...]
.B \-\-config
.I config_file
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
The
.B jal_subscribe
daemon is a network daemon that will listen on a specified interface and port for incoming
.SM JALoP/BEEP
connections.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-a \fIALGORITHMS\fR, \fB\-\-digest-algorithms=\fIALGORITHMS\fR
Where \fIALGORITHMS\fR is a list of supported digest algorithms. These algorithms should be in a single double-quoted string with a space separating the algorithms.
Valid values are "sha256", "sha384", and "sha512".
Digest algorithms specified here will overwrite any values specified in the config file.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-bdb\fR
Use BerkeleyDB for record storage.
Incompatible with \-f, \-\-fs
.TP
\fB\-c \fICONFIG\fR, \fB\-\-config=\fICONFIG\fR
Instruct
.B jal_subscribe
to get its configuration from the file
.BR \fICONFIG .
See the
.BR jal_subscribe.config (5)
for details of the config file format.
These command line options will overwrite any options specified in the config file.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-debug\fR
Output debugging information.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-fs\fR
Use the file system for record storage.
Incompatible with \-b, \-\-bdb
.TP
\fB\-h \fIDB_ROOT\fR, \fB\-\-home=\fIDB_ROOT\fR
Specify the path to the root of the database as \fIDB_ROOT\fR
.TP
\fB\-i \fIADDR\fR, \fB\-\-ipaddr=\fIADDR\fR
Specify the IPv4 hostname or IP address \fIADDR\fR to bind the http server to for incoming connections
.TP
\fB\-m \fIMODE\fR, \fB\-\-mode=\fIMODE\fR
The mode of operation
To run in Archive mode, use "archive" or "archival"
To run in Live mode, use "live"
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-disable\-tls\fR
Disable tls encryption and authentication
.TP
\fB\-t \fIPORT\fR, \fB\-\-port=\fIPORT\fR
The port to listen on for incoming connections
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR jald (8),
.BR jal-local-store (8),
.BR jal_dump (8),
.BR jal_subscribe.config (5)

