.TH JAL_PURGE 8
.SH NAME
.B jal_purge
\- 
.SM JALoP
database purge utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jal_purge
[\fIOPTIONS\fR...] [UUID] ... [UUID]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page describes the
.BR jal_purge
command.
.PP
The
.B jal_purge
utility removes records from a JAL database. Without any options, the
.B jal_purge
tool reports whether the the records in the list of UUIDs of the specified type that would be removed,
but does not purge any records.
Only records that have been sent to at least one JALoP Network Store are considered safe for removal.

Note that the tool does not stop removing records when it finds a record that was never sent to a JALoP Network Store,
it will skip the unsent record and continue.
For example,
consider a database that contains records with the sequence numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5,
where records 1, 3, and 5 have been delivered to at least one JALoP Network Store.
A call to
.B jal_purge
with no arguments would report that it is prepared to delete records 1, 3, and 5,
leaving records 2 and 4 untouched.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-type=T\fR
Search within the specified type.
\fBT\fR may be the letter \fIj\fR (for journal records),
\fIa\fR (for audit records),
\fIl\fR (for log records).
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-before=B\fR
Remove all records with a timestamp before or equal to \fBB\fR that have been sent to at least one JALoP Network Store.
The timestamp must be specified as an XML schema date, time or dateTime string.
The xmlschema-2 document (http://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-2/) describes these formats.
When the time does not include a timezone offset,
it is interpreted as local time.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-delete\fR
Delete the records.
The
.B jal_purge
tool does not remove records that the JALoP Network Store has not sent to at least one JALoP Network Store.
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-force\fR
When \fB\-\-delete\fR (\fB\-d\fR) is given,
force the deletion of records even when the JALoP Network Store has not sent them to at least one JALoP Network Store.
When given without \fB\-\-delete\fR (\fB\-d\fR) this will report the records that would be deleted.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-preserve\-history\fR
Don't remove old Berkeley DB log files after purging.  This can
be useful if you need to recover from certain error conditions
but consumes more disk space
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-compact\fR
Compact the databases associated to the JAL record type (j/a/l) passed via \fB\-\-type\fR (\fB\-t\fR) and return empty pages to the filesystem.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-home=P\fR
Specify the root of the JALoP database, defaults to
.I /var/lib/jalop/db
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Output the version information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
Output the UUID for each deleted record.
.TP
\fB\-x\fR, \fB\-\-detail\fR
Report more information about the records \fB jal_purge \fR is reviewing for deletion.
This reports the action to be taken (Delete, Forced Delete, Keep), the inbound state (Confirmed or Unconfirmed), 
the outbound state (Unsent, Sent, Synced), the local insertion timestamp, and the local nonce for each record.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR jald (8),
.BR jal-local-store (5),
.BR jal_dump (8),
.BR jal_subscribe (8)


