.TH JAL_SUBSCRIBE.CONFIG 5
.SH NAME
.BR jal_subscribe.config
- configuration file for
.BR jal_subscribe (8)
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This file is read by
.BR jal_subscribe (8)
and specifies the configuration parameters
such as the host and port to connect to,
where to obtain the
.SM JALoP
schemas, and the location of the
.SM JALoP
database of records.
This file follows the format of the libconfig library, where each
configuration setting is in the form "key = value;".
Blank lines and lines starting with "#" are ignored.
String values must be enclosed in double quotes.
.SH "CONFIGURATION KEYS"
.BR jal_subscribe (8)
recognizes the following configuration options:
.TP
.B enable_tls
If true, utilize tls encryption and authentication
.TP
.B private_key
The path to a PEM formatted private key that
.BR jald (8)
will be used for TLS negotiations.
.TP
.B public_cert
The path to a PEM formatted public certificate file that
.BR jald (8)
will be used for TLS negotiations.
.TP
.B trust_store
File containing all certificates for remote peers concatenated together.
.TP
.B db_root
The path to the root of the database
.TP
.B port
The port to listen on for incoming connections
.TP
.B address
The IPv4 hostname or address to bind the http server to for incoming connections
.TP
.B mode
The mode of operation
To run in Archive mode, use "archive" or "archival"
To run in Live mode, use "live"
.TP
.B buffer_size
The maximum size in bytes of the RAM buffer used to process incoming records
If a record payload exceeds this size, it will be dumped to the filesystem during receipt and processed in bufferSize chunks.
A high value here puts more demand on system memory, but can improve performance considerably by eliminating use of disk.
A low value will result in more records being written to disk.
Each session (up to 3 per JALoP publisher) may simultaneously consume up to bufferSize memory for processing record data.
NOTE: This applies only to generic message handling. A specific db interface (BerkeleyDB for audit and log types for instance) may not respect this setting
.TP
.B session_limit
The maximum number of active sessions allowed at once
.TP
.B network_timeout
Specifies the amount of time (in seconds) jal_subscribe will wait for additional packets in a single message before assuming the network has failed
.TP
.B digest_algorithms
An optional list of supported digest algorithms. These algorithms should be in a single double-quoted string with a space separating the algorithms.
Valid values are "sha256", "sha384", and "sha512".
If this is not provided and the -a|--digest-algorithms command line flag is not used, sha256 will be used as the default algorithm.
.TP
.B database_type
Specify the format that the subscriber should use to store received records.
Valid values are "fs" (file system) and "bdb" (BerkeleyDB).
If this is not provided and the -f|--fs or -b|--bdb command line flags are not used, bdb will be used as the default.
.TP
.B http_server_thread_pool_size
Specify the size of the thread pool used by the http server.
May not be applicable to all server implementations
.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
# If true, utilize tls encryption and authentication
enable_tls = true

# The path to the PEM formatted private key, used for TLS.
private_key = "<repo_root>/test-input/TLS_CA_Signed/server/jal_subscriber_v2_server.key.pem";

# The path to the PEM formatted public cert, used for TLS.
public_cert = "<repo_root>/test-input/TLS_CA_Signed/server/jal_subscriber_v2_server.cert.pem";

# File containing all certificates for remote peers concatenated together.
trust_store = "<repo_root>/test-input/TLS_CA_Signed/server/trust_store_dir/jal_subscriber_v2_server.trusted_certs";

# The path to the root of the database.
db_root = "./testdb";

# The port to listen on for incoming connections
port = 1234;

# The IPv4 hostname or address to bind the http server to for incoming connections.
address = "127.0.0.1";

# The mode of operation
mode = "archive";

# The maximum size in bytes of the RAM buffer used to process incoming records.
buffer_size = 4096;

# The maximum number of active sessions allowed at once
session_limit = 100;

# An optional list of supported digest algorithms. These algorithms should be in a single double-quoted string with a space separating the algorithms.
# Valid values are "sha256", "sha384", and "sha512"
# If this is not provided and the -a command line flag is not used, sha256 will be used as the default algorithm.
# digest_algorithms = "sha256";

# Time in seconds between packets in a single message before the subscriber assumes a connection has been broken
# 0 for no timeout
network_timeout = 0;

# Valid values are "fs" (file system) and "bdb" (BerkeleyDB).
# Defaults to "bdb" if not specified here or by CLI flags
database_type = "bdb";

# For http server implementations which support thread pools (such as libmicrohttpd)
# Set the size of the thread pool
# 9 is sufficient for 3 fully connected publishers to be handled concurrently, and is a safe starting point
http_server_thread_pool_size = 9;
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR jal_subscribe (8),
.BR openssl (1)
